README.md, before:

# _Portfolio_

#### _Zachary Matthewstearn's Personal Programming Portfolio, 8/5/2016_

#### By _**Zachary Matthewstearn**_

## Description

_!!!!!!!!UPDATE THIS ONCE YOU HAVE YOUR FEATURE-SET IMPLEMENTED, ZACK!!!!!!!!_

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _Open with text editor of your choice_
_OR_
* _View on GitHub Pages at: http://www.zacharymatthewstearn.github.io/portfolio/_
_!!!!!!!!!DOUBLE-CHECK THIS ONCE PUSHED!!!!!!!!!!_

### License

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Zachary Matthewstearn_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

replace placeholder text on about page and adds live external links for portfolio, as well as update the README

README.md, after:

# _Portfolio_

#### _Zachary Matthewstearn's Personal Programming Portfolio, 8/5/2016_

#### By _**Zachary Matthewstearn**_

## Description

_A static website consisting of two pages: a 'portfolio' (index/main) and an 'about me'. This site implements the 'p', 'h', 'ul', 'ol', 'li' 'em', 'strong', 'a', 'img', 'div', and 'span' HTML elements, as well as navbar, jumbotron, and grid Bootstrap classes. Custom CSS styling includes use of cascading, the box model, and floats.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository_
* _Open with text editor of your choice_
_OR_
* _View on GitHub Pages at: http://www.zacharymatthewstearn.github.io/portfolio/_

## Known Bugs

_github pages giving 404 error for our/_Got/_page and vacation (occurs with manual navigation as well; not limited to the <a> tags in this project)_

### License

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Zachary Matthewstearn_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
